DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then, out of nowhere, we were invaded by
these mysterious and evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything.
Coredegon, Slycerak,
Exostriker and Mandibor were their names,
and leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So, we fought back,
because no one is going to take our freedom: not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you going to do
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Got to give it your all
\u266a This is the final stand
\u266a The power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide on the inside \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan
Don't you dare give up the fight.
If you punks are done,
you might as well go to the Doom Dimension.
What?
(Screaming)
BETADRON: I don't know what to say.
There's nothing left to say, Betadron.
I'm afraid I can't let you leave.
Not without facing us in battle. The only way out is through us.
Well, Brawlers, some things are worth the risk.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in...
Hey, you guys. Welcome back.
It's your favourite roving reporter Julie here.
Live from downtown Bakugan City.
We're here to cover all the festivities happening today,
as we commemorate the one-year anniversary
of the day the Bakugan came to live on Earth.
(Laughing)
As you all know, things have been a bit insane
around the city these days.
So, I thought I'd turn the microphone over to you
to see what the public is thinking
on this historic day.
Are you serious?
Has it really been a year already?
What a surprise.
The first few months really moved by.
Those were good times
with lots of happy memories.
Lately, that hasn't been the case, though,
now that the battle arenas have been shut down.
It's understandable,
given the threat that Wiseman posed.
We're just hopeful that the Brawlers can defeat our enemies
so that one day, things will get back to normal.
(Growling)
(Grunting)
Thanks to Wiseman and his lousy Nonets,
many humans stopped trusting Bakugan.
But slowly, we've been able to
rebuild the trust between us.
Bakugan battling is the coolest.
We love brawling, too.
The Bakugan are our friends.
We love Bakugan City.
Yeah!
But make sure you get a shot of that statue
that represents the bond
between humans and Bakugan this time.
DAMDOS: Look at you, being bossy again.
Did you forget me already?
Hey, Damdos.
It's so good to see you again, big guy.
And it's really great to see that
the people are visiting Bakugan Land again.
Thanks in large part to you.
No, no. People saw you rescue me
from being crushed by that statue
and realized that Bakugan were our friends
and could be trusted.
DAMDOS: Well, things may be happy on the surface here,
but I can't help but worry that
this is just the calm before the storm.
Sure, people and Bakugan are cooperating again.
But Wiseman is still lurking out there somewhere,
and the fight isn't over yet.
I don't know if you've noticed,
but the Brawlers haven't been around for a while now.
It's like they just vanished.
Doesn't that worry you?
Maybe a bit.
And yet, you're acting as though nothing is wrong.
You're laughing and carrying on
like it's business as usual.
If I don't keep a really brave face,
people will start to worry.
I just have to trust that wherever they are,
Dan and the others are fighting the good fight
and winning against Wiseman and the Nonets.
Ow!
Oh, no.
Got it.
Huh?
Here you go.
Thanks, mister.
(Giggling)
You know, Damdos,
you might pretend to be a big grump,
but I see right through you.
Underneath, you're just a softie.
It's been really great catching up with you,
but I should be getting back to work now.
Whee!
Catch you later.
Would you move it?
Huh. That girl is one of a kind.
What are you doing here, Gunz?
We used to be friends. Remember?
I'm not Gunz. I'm the new Wiseman, Dan.
That's not true.
Dude, I'm sorry we doubted you,
but you have to understand our confusion.
We don't have to be enemies.
You think it's that easy to get my forgiveness?
You turned my old partner against me, Dan.
We're sorry.
We never meant to hurt you.
Enough with all this nonsense.
I didn't come to talk.
I came to fight.
So, let's get on with this, Drago.
Drago!
I've been waiting eons to exact my revenge,
and I won't hold back for one second longer.
It was my ancestors who banished you to this place, not me.
Well, they're not here right now,
so you're the next best thing.
The years of anger I've cultivated towards them
will be taken out on you a thousand fold.
DRAGO: Don't you realize how insane it is
that you come back to the very place you wanted to escape
for so long just to get your precious revenge?
But if it's a fight you want, you've got one.
That just leaves you and I, Kouzo.
If a battle is what it's going to take
to knock some sense into you,
I guess you're about to learn a real hard lesson, Gunz.
Dan, wait. Let me. Sorry, Reptak.
This is something Drago and I have to do.
Besides, Betadron won't be satisfied
battling against anyone else but me.
REPTAK: But guys--
DAN: Don't worry.
When this is over, Gunz will be back.
I promise.
REPTAK: Well, okay, then.
BOTH: Bring it.
Ha!
(Roaring)
I'm going to enjoy every second of your suffering, Drago.
You're going down.
Ability activate.
GUNZ: Mist Burn.
Dragon Thrasher.
Dan!
Someone's going to get seriously hurt.
(Screaming)
Dan! Aw.
That was a close one.
Ability activate.
Dragon Over Cannon.
Orion Shield.
Ability activate.
Night Vizaler.
Dragon Exploder.
Nice.
Not so fast. Huh?
Ability activate.
Black Burn.
Where are you going?
Drago!
I'm not finished with you yet.
(Screaming)
Drago!
Whoa. Ugh.
Oh.
Drago!
I don't know which one of you is more stubborn.
DRAGO: You're determined, aren't you?
That's an understatement, Drago.
My brother Nonets gave more than you can imagine
for me to come find you.
I'm not going to let their sacrifice be in vain.
Sacrifice?
What are you talking about?
What happened with Mechtavius Destroyer?
Never mind. That's not important.
The only thing that matters now
is that I'm going to take you down.
Ability activate.
Dragon Spur.
Huh?
Is that all you've got?
Let's hit him again, Drago.
Ability activate.
Hyper Drive.
You're the one who's going down.
(Roaring)
(Cackling)
No way.
You're going to like this.
Ability activate. Dark Stream.
Pay attention, Drago.
This is where things really get interesting.
(Sighing)
(Cackling)
(Cackling continues)
As if.
Once we finish off Drago, we'll go back and take down Coredegon.
Why stop at Coredegon?
We'll take down all the Mechtogan.
Are you sure you're not holding back, Drago?
Because so far, the effort you've shown me
has been totally pathetic.
Drago!
Oh, man.
Drago should have way more power than him.
He's fuelled by hate. Get lost.
You should know that I'm driven by
the same level of anger that fuels Betadron.
And just as he's going to take out Drago,
I'm going to destroy you, Dan.
So, get ready to say goodbye.
Ability activate.
Night Phalanx.
Sabre Shield.
Useless.
GUNZ: The simple truth is, you and Drago
don't want the victory as badly as we do.
So, you're toast. Ability activate.
Anger Shroud.
No one wants this more than we do, pal.
Ability activate.
Dragon NR Gear.
(Roaring)
Intense.
You may want the victory, but we want peace, Gunz.
And our desire for that totally out-trumps
anything you're packing, buddy.
Is that right?
We aren't doing this for selfish reasons,
like you guys.
We're doing it for all of the humans and Bakugan back home.
Don't make me laugh.
We'll be the ones laughing when this is over, creep.
Ability activate.
Dragon Eternal Force.
(Roaring)
Ability activate.
Wing Pulsar.
Keep going.
What do you think I'm doing?
Whoa. This is going to be a close one.
Oh, man. I wish I was in there.
I can't lose. I won't lose!
Victory is going to be--
BOTH: All mine.
Ability...
...activate.
(Screaming)
Wing Pulsar.
Dragon Eternal Force.
This one is going to hurt.
Not as much as this.
(Roaring)
BOTH: Whoa!
Dan! Watch out.
No, guys. Take cover.
Ugh.
Betadron?
Argh.
DAN: Drago!
You won't defeat me.
Yeah! We won this.
Dan and Drago totally took them down, Shun.
Great job.
SHUN: Yeah.
Huh?
I don't believe it. I lost.
DAN: Now you can join us.
Are you insane?
Why would I go with you guys?
Because I beat your Wiseman persona.
So now, you can put it to rest
and go back to being Gunz.
What makes you so sure that
I even want to go back to being Gunz?
It's time for me to start all over again.
There's nothing left for me in that old life back there.
That's not true.
Did you ever stop to think that
the reason you were so angry we doubted you
wasn't because of our supposed betrayal,
but because you cherished your own life so much
and were scared of losing it?
We went through a lot together,
so I understand why you would be furious
at the thought of being abandoned,
but I need you to put that all behind us, Gunz.
You need to forget so that we can move forward.
Come on. We need to get past this.
Please forgive me.
I don't know.
You stole my identity, so now, I'm taking it back.
It's mine.
Well, Brawlers, some things are worth the risk.
No. That's not true, you guys. No.
I can only see bits of it,
My brain is so fuzzy.
Any final words, Kouzo, before I take you down?
We'll be able to take down
anyone who dares to cross our path.
Well, I guess we did promise...
...that we'd crush any challenger, Reptak.
So, I guess your old partner Gunz is back.
Gunz.
I'm still going to want a rematch, Dan.
As soon as this is all over.
Sure. It's a deal, buddy.
(Groaning)
DRAGO: Betadron, can you stand?
Now that we have a common enemy, let's take him down together.
I'm talking about Mechtavius Destroyer.
WORTON: I'm glad we settled our differences.
Aren't you--
Worton?
What are you doing here?
Before we Nonets decided to take on Mechtavius Destroyer,
the professor chose to return to the Doom Dimension.
You chickened out.
That's right.
There are more pressing issues at hand.
It's Mechtavius Destroyer. He's on the move.
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Finally, I am rid of all the vermin
who have stood in the way of my master plan.
Now I can get on with the business of destroying
Bakugan City and all of those who inhabit it.
(Cackling)
For reals?
You're saying Dan and the others just disappeared?
MIRA: Sort of.
They were headed to Wiseman's secret hideout
when we lost contact with them,
and we haven't been able to raise them
on the Bakumeters since.
Oh, my gosh. Dan!
No need to worry, Julie.
We're on the case.
We're going to find them, no problem.
I'm sure everything's fine
and that there's
a reasonable explanation for it.
We should hurry, Runo.
Coming.
Okay, guys. Wait.
Huh?
Just hold on a second, okay?
What?
I've decided I'm coming along with you, too.
Uh, I don't think that's a good idea.
Guys, wait. Huh?
What's wrong, Julie?
Look. What's that over there?
(Screaming)
Mechtavius Destroyer.
This is bad, guys.
If we don't stop him,
it could mean the total destruction of Earth.
You filthy human and Bakugan swine.
We must hurry. Time is of the essence.
Behold the terrifying might of my powers.
Oh, no.
I fear it could already be too late.
Ugh!
ALL: It can't be.
(Roaring)
(Screaming)
(Child crying)
(Cackling)
DAN: Now that we finally got Gunz back
to battling on our side,
we had to focus on an even greater threat.
Professor Worton told us that Mechtavius Destroyer
was on the move and intent on destroying the Earth.
We couldn't let that happen. But unfortunately,
we were still stuck in the Doom Dimension
and had to figure a way out first.
Luckily for us, Drago had an idea
about recruiting additional help
from some old friends on New Vestroia.
After all, once he was finished with Earth,
Mechtavius Destroyer would likely
take his tour of destruction there next.
You've got to tune in to see for yourself
just how insane the action gets.
Mechtavius Destroyer is in for the fight of his life.
\u266a